README.md, before:

# CIS_5 Assignment – Week 3 (Winter 2026)
A C++ program that collects and analyzes test scores for multiple students using arrays and loops.

## What the program does
1. Asks the user how many students are in the class (maximum 50).
2. Uses an array to store each student's test score (0–100).
3. Uses loops to:
   - Read all the scores from the user
   - Calculate and display several statistics
   - Show the scores in both normal and reverse order
4. Prints a clear summary of the class performance.

## Inputs and types
- Number of students: `int` (1 to 50)
- Test scores: stored in an `int` array (size 50 is fine)

## Required calculations and output
Using loops, compute and display:

- The **average score** (use `double` for the result, show 1–2 decimal places)
- The **highest score**
- The **lowest score**
- The **number of students who passed** (score ≥ 60)
- The **number of students who earned an A** (score ≥ 90)

Also:
- Print all scores in the order they were entered
- Print all scores in **reverse order** (last student → first student)

## Final output example
```
Number of students: 6
Average score:      78.00
Highest score:      100
Lowest score:       45
Students passed:    5  (>= 60)
Students with A:    2  (>= 90)
Scores in original order:
78  92  65  88  45  100
Scores in reverse order:
100 45  88  65  92  78
```

## Implementation notes / tips
- Use a classic `for` loop with index to read scores and to find min/max/counts
- Use a **range-based for** loop at least once (e.g., to print scores or calculate sum)
- Use `std::setprecision(2)` from `<iomanip>` for nice average output
- Include basic validation:
  - Number of students between 1 and 50
  - Each score between 0 and 100 (re-prompt or clamp if invalid – simple check is enough)
- Use clear, polite prompts and section headers in output
- Add a few comments explaining major sections (input, calculations, output)

## Required includes
```
#include <iostream>
#include <iomanip>   // for std::setprecision
```

Commit message:

Revise README for fixed-size array and hard-coded scores
Updated README to reflect changes in program functionality and input method.

README.md, after:

# CIS_5 Assignment – Week 3 (Winter 2026)
A C++ program that analyzes a pre-filled set of 30 student test scores using arrays and loops.

## What the program does
1. Uses a fixed-size array containing 30 pre-filled test scores (0–100).
2. Uses loops to calculate and display several class statistics.
3. Prints the scores in both original and reverse order.
4. Shows a clean summary of the class performance.

## Inputs and types
- No user input required — test scores are hard-coded in the program.
- Scores are stored in a fixed-size `int` array of size 30.

## Required calculations and output
Using loops, compute and display:

- The **average score** (use `double` for the result, formatted to 2 decimal places)
- The **highest score**
- The **lowest score**
- The **number of students who passed** (score ≥ 60)
- The **number of students who earned an A** (score ≥ 90)

Also print:
- All scores in the original order (space-separated on one line)
- All scores in **reverse order** (space-separated on one line)

## Final output example
```
Number of students: 30
Average score:      77.87
Highest score:      100
Lowest score:       45
Students passed:    24  (>= 60)
Students with A:    6   (>= 90)
Scores in original order:
78 92 65 88 45 100 72 81 59 96 84 67 91 53 77 89 62 98 74 85 48 93 70 82 66 95 55 87 79 64
Scores in reverse order:
64 79 87 55 95 66 82 70 93 48 85 74 98 62 89 77 53 91 67 84 96 59 81 72 100 45 88 65 92 78
```

## Implementation notes / tips
- Declare a fixed-size array with 30 pre-filled scores (you can use the same values as the example or create your own realistic scores)
- Use a classic `for` loop with index to calculate sum, min, max, passed count, and A count
- Use a **range-based for** loop to print the scores in original order
- Use a classic `for` loop (counting backwards) to print scores in reverse order
- Use std::setprecision(2)` from `<iomanip>` to format the average nicely
- Make sure the header line and separator match the example exactly
- Add a few comments explaining major sections (data, calculations, output)

## Required includes
```
#include <iostream>
#include <iomanip>   // for std::fixed and std::setprecision
```
